{"id": 1, "text": "Join JPMorgan Chase and unleash your potential in defining the industry of site reliability. Rise to the challenge as a technology pioneer and trailblazer with your expertise. As a Manager of Site Reliability Engineering at JPMorgan Chase; you oversee your team's daily activities and help align priorities to the goals of the team. You work with key stakeholders and product owners to translate availability targets for products and services into service level indicators and service level objectives while enforcing error budgets. You build designs and leverage existing solutions to execute and deliver. You are a key influencer in your organization's strategy and contribute to overall planning. Job Responsibilities : Proactively contributes to knowledge-sharing across the JPMorgan Chase technology community Demonstrates personal and professional resilience while navigating difficult situations with composure and tact Champions site reliability culture and practices and influences the adoption of a site reliability customer-centric mindset Educates Product Owners; Dev Leads; and Developers on service level objectives; service level indicators; and error budget policies Leads your application or platform stakeholders in establishing reasonable service level objectives and error budgets with your customers Manages the day-to-day activities of your team and escalate issues to necessary stakeholders in a timely fashion Engages team members using relevant listening strategies and questioning techniques to help identify solutions and influence action plans Promotes safety; fairness; respect; and trust across the firm and within your team Shares relevant technical knowledge to projects of moderate complexity Ensures a functional; stable and performant production environment Manages stakeholder relationship when it comes to matters related to the production environment Engages with development team to work on enhancements geared towards increased quality of our product Oversees the build of monitoring and metrics capture applications for overall system health monitoring Required qualifications; capabilities and skills: Deep proficiency in reliability; scalability; performance; security; enterprise system architecture; toil reduction; and other site reliability best practices Demonstrated ability to drive the adoption of site reliability culture and practices within a team Experience in leading small teams of technologists and managing projects Ability to lead a small team to look for roadblocks; run tests; and solve related problems Fluency in at least one programming language such as (e.g.; ; Java Spring Boot; .Net; etc.) Basic understanding of React front-end Java script library is desirable Proficiency in software applications and technical processes within a technical discipline (e.g.; cloud; artificial intelligence; machine learning; mobile; etc.) Proficiency in continuous integration and continuous delivery tools (e.g.; Jenkins; GitLab; Terraform; etc.) Experience with container and container orchestration (e.g.; ECS; Kubernetes; Docker; etc.) Prior experience with applications running on AWS would be a huge plus Preferred qualifications; capabilities and skills: Experience with troubleshooting common networking technologies and issues Formal training or certification on software engineering concepts and 5+ years applied experience 5+ years of experience leading a team of technologists; managing projects JPMorgan Chase & Co.; one of the oldest financial institutions; offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers; small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate; institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking; consumer and small business banking; commercial banking; financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute; including race; religion; color; national origin; gender; sexual orientation; gender identity; gender expression; age; marital or veteran status; pregnancy or disability; or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law; we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs; as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. The health and safety of our colleagues; candidates; clients and communities has been a top priority in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. JPMorgan Chase was awarded the \"WELL Health-Safety Rating\" for all of our 6;200 locations globally based on our operational policies; maintenance protocols; stakeholder engagement and emergency plans to address a post-COVID-19 environment. As a part of our commitment to health and safety; we have implemented various COVID-related health and safety requirements for our workforce. Employees are expected to follow the Firm's current COVID-19 or other infectious disease health and safety requirements; including local requirements. Requirements include sharing information including your vaccine card in the firm's vaccine record tool; and may include mask wearing. Requirements may change in the future with the evolving public health landscape. JPMorgan Chase will consider accommodation requests as required by applicable law. We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role; experience; skill set; and location. For those in eligible roles; discretionary incentive compensation which may be awarded in recognition of individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs; based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage; on-site health and wellness centers; a retirement savings plan; backup childcare; tuition reimbursement; mental health support; financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans Base Pay/Salary Jersey City;NJ $137;750.00 - $200;000.00 / yearBattelle delivers when others can\u2019t. We conduct research and development; manage national laboratories; design and manufacture products and deliver critical services for our clients\u2014whether they are a multi-national corporation; a small start-up or a government agency. We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. Job Summary We are currently seeking a senior-level Data Scientist. This position is located in Columbus; OH ; with the possibility of remote work from the Washington; D.C. area. Battelle\u2019s Chemical; Biological; Radiological; Nuclear; and Explosives (CBRNE) Defense business line; in our National Security business unit; is currently seeking a Data Scientist with expertise in graph database software to support an anticipated analysis of the U.S. bioeconomy supply chain. The Hazard Modeling Team within CBRNE Defense provides its customers with technical analyses as well as modeling capabilities to inform their preparedness and response planning efforts to mitigate risk to the United States or their company. Successful applicants will have the opportunity to make this Nation and Battelle\u2019s clients safer and better prepared. This position is contingent upon contract award. Responsibilities Overseeing a small technical team; lead the development of a graph database describing the U.S. bioeconomy supply chain; including development of a graphical user interface to visualize bioeconomy supply chain data Work with a bioeconomy subject matter expert to ingest U.S. bioeconomy supply chain data into a graph database tool Engage with clients and stakeholders to understand and set requirements and scope for development work Direct software testing for accuracy and performance Collect; reduce; process; and present model input and output data Present results and analyses to clients and stakeholders Key Qualifications Bachelor\u2019s degree with 7+ years of experience or Master\u2019s degree with 5+ years of experience in graph database development and management; software development; mathematical modeling; statistical analysis; data science; or related field Degree in computer science; software engineering; or related field with a minor; certificate; or relevant work experience in in a scientific; mathematical; or supply chain field (e.g.; statistics; data analysis; biology; engineering) Experience using graph database languages (e.g.; Gremlin; Cypher; GraphQL) to build analytic and visualization capabilities for large; complex data Experience leading software development teams; specifically in the creation of user interfaces for data systems Demonstrated experience mentoring junior staff Ability to learn and understand new programing languages and mathematical concepts Must be a U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain and maintain a Secret DoD clearance Preferred Qualifications Knowledge of network modeling Experience developing and hosting applications for the government; including remote access management Experience with software development and deployment in the cloud Active DoD Secret or Top Secret clearance Benefits: Live an Extraordinary Life We care about your well-being; not just on the job. Battelle offers comprehensive and competitive benefits to help you live your best life. Balance life through a compressed work schedule : Most of our team follows a flexible; compressed work schedule that allows for every other Friday off\u2014giving you a dedicated day to accomplish things in your personal life without using vacation time. Take time to recharge : You get paid time off to support work-life balance and keep motivated. Prioritize wellness : Stay healthy with medical; dental; and vision coverage with wellness incentives and benefits plus a variety of optional supplemental benefits. Better together : Coverage for partners; gender-affirming care and health support; and family formation support. Build your financial future : Build financial stability with an industry-leading 401(k) retirement savings plan. For most employees; we put in 5 percent whether you contribute or not; and match your contributions on top of that. Advance your education : Tuition assistance is available to pursue higher education. Flexible work arrangements : You have options for where you work and when you work. A Work Environment Where You Succeed For brilliant minds in science; technology; engineering and business operations; Battelle is the place to do the greatest good by solving humanity\u2019s most pressing challenges and creating a safer; healthier and more secure world. You will have the opportunity to thrive in a culture that inspires you to: Apply your talent to challenging and meaningful projects Receive select funding to pursue ideas in scientific and technological discovery Collaborate with world-class experts in an inclusive environment Nurture and develop the next generation of scientific leaders Give back to and improve our communities Vaccinations & Safety Protocols Battelle may require employees; based on job duties; work location; and/or its clients\u2019 requirements to follow certain safety protocols and to be vaccinated against a variety of viruses; bacteria; and diseases as a condition of employment and continued employment and to provide documentation that they are fully vaccinated. If applicable; Battelle will provide reasonable accommodations based on a qualified disability or medical condition through the Americans with Disabilities Act or the Rehabilitation Act or for a sincerely held religious belief under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (and related state laws). Battelle is an equal opportunity employer. We provide employment and opportunities for advancement; compensation; training; and growth according to individual merit; without regard to race; color; religion; sex (including pregnancy); national origin; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; marital status; age; genetic information; disability; veteran-status veteran or military status; or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal; state; or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle. The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities; activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle's Legal Department. For more information about our other openings; please visit www.battelle.org/careersLocation: Hybrid Work Model \u2013 Van Wert; Ohio or Dublin; Ohio We are a team of employees who are passionate to deliver best in class customer service and innovation in the industry. It\u2019s because we put Integrity; Relationships and Excellence in all aspects of our work. Our employees have the opportunity to fully utilize their talents and bring their best self. We believe that who you are is just as important as what you do! We are looking for a Data Engineer to join our Data Engineering Team. The Data Engineering Team is part of our overall digital transformation and how we leverage data in more aspects of our business by ensuring the highest quality data is available to decision-makers at the right time. This role\u2019s most important functions will include developing and maintaining data infrastructure; constructing data pipelines; automating data cleaning and feature extraction procedures; and contributing to Central\u2019s data science codebase. How You\u2019ll make an Impact As a technical / strategic leader responsible for all the data engineering projects at Team / Product / Project level to (scope; schedule; cost and quality) deliver key business objectives and sustainable business results. Works with Engineering Managers and Tech-Leads to help identify sequence and urgency. Instrumentation: Contributes in developing instrumentation around measuring the efficiency of the Data Engineering discipline around: The performance metrics to include rate to build & deliver desired changes; accessibility of the data; data quality; and cost to serve. Measuring Data Quality around various data quality dimensions Accessibility of the data. Provide expert guidance and operational excellence of our Analytical data environment; and connect data across CMI data sources to deliver on AI/ML solutions. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of information requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Devises solutions based on limited information and precedent and adapts existing approaches to resolve issues. Uses evaluation; judgment; and interpretation to select right course of action. Develops various Data Models e.g. transactional data model; Financial Data (G/L) data model; Data Warehouse data model; Dimensional data model; MDM data model etc. Contributes in implementing Enterprise Data Quality initiative. Apply subject matter knowledge to solve common and complex business issues and recommend appropriate alternatives. Analyze problems of diverse complexity and scope; and exercise independent judgement to identify and select a solution. Expert knowledge of SQL language that includes advance SQL queries; SSIS; SQL server analysis service; SSRS; advanced performance tuning; some DBA skills; DB2 database etc. Expert level of knowledge that includes data classification; data encryption; data masking; data security; compliance and auditing. Ensure Data is protected while Data in transit; Data at rest and Data in use. Expert level of knowledge in implementing Test Driven Data Development and Quality Assurance techniques. Ensure that the entire team is successful in implementing TDD and QA best practices. Maximizes use of established tools/techniques; Identifies areas of risk and opportunities for improvement & resolves basic problems. Coaches junior data engineers. What You\u2019ll Bring Master\u2019s degree in Computer Science or related field and 2 years related experience Or Bachelor\u2019s degree in Computer Science or related field and 4 years related experience Or 6 years related experience Must have at least 3+ years hands-on Azure experience as a Data Engineer and have extensive expertise building; tuning and managing data pipelines with Azure Data Factory. Excellent experience with SQL language that includes developing advanced SQL queries; and query performance optimization techniques. Excellent experience developing conceptual; logical; and physical Data Models; including 3NF (3rd Normalized Form); and Dimensional Modeling. Excellent experience with Data Warehouse Architecture (Inmon vs. Kimball vs. Data Vault). Experience with Data DevOps; including Agile; Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery. Experience with SQL server Analysis Services. Experience with data science tools such as Python; R and SAS. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Bonus Points: Experience with the Property and Casualty Insurance industry; strong understanding of insurance business and data models. Experience with DB2 database /mainframe z/OS and COBOL programming. Experience with GitHub and Data DevOps integration. Experience with Azure Databricks / Dedicated SQL pool and Serverless SQL pool with Azure Synapse Analytics / Data Lake with Azure Synapse Analytics / Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2. Experience architecting; designing and developing Data Warehouse using Data Vault 2.0; Data Vault Modeling and Bi-Temporal Modeling. Experience collaborating with technical product teams. Knowledge of segmentation techniques; data mining; and data models. Familiarity with transforming unprocessed data such as logs and PDFs. It is the policy of Central that all recruiting; hiring; training; compensation; overtime; job classification and assignment; facilities; promotions; transfers; employee treatment and all other terms and conditions of employment shall be maintained in a manner which will not discriminate against any person because of race; color; age; sex; national origin; ancestry; religion; marital status; military status; or disability. The applicant should respond to questions on this application in a way that will not divulge such information. #LI-HybridDescription Location: This position is located at our Dublin; OH campus with hybrid flexibility. We\u2019re on a mission to make healthcare simpler and more effective. We fight to ensure our members get the care they need; when they need it; at the most affordable cost \u2013 that\u2019s what makes us Healthcare Warriors\u2122. We\u2019re committed to building diverse and inclusive teams; so if you\u2019re excited about this position; we encourage you to apply \u2013 even if your experience doesn\u2019t match every requirement. The AI/ML Engineer supports our internal and external strategic clients by building and maintaining a large-scale ML-NLP infrastructure and ML-NLP Pipelines. The role will lead the building of sophisticated analytics; machine learning platform and tools to enable both prediction and optimization model development; extend existing ML Platform and frameworks for scaling model training; deployment and deliver insights and partner closely with various business & engineering teams to drive the integration of model outputs. What you\u2019ll do Build; evolve; and scale state-of-the-art machine learning system infrastructure powering QH data. Build software across our entire cutting-edge data platform; including event driven data processing; storage; and serving through scalable and highly available APIs; with awesome cutting-edge technologies. Drive the development of data infrastructure Improve ML scaling infrastructure for data ETL; model training and lifecycle; MLOps; batch and run-time processing automation; and inference. Ship; support; debug; and secure AI systems in production. Build reusable production data pipelines for implemented machine learning models. Manage several technical project deliverables to the business All other duties as assigned. What you\u2019ll bring Training or education in CS/AI-ML with strong track record of success 2+ years\u2019 experience in building and managing large volume data processing pipelines (both streaming and batch) Ability to manage the infrastructure and data pipelines needed to bring ML solution to production Hands-on distributed systems compute experience using Spark/Dataproc; Kafka; Hive or equivalent Minimum of 2 years\u2019 experience with scripting language Python; & Docker Proficiency in; at least; one modern programming language such a Java; Scala; C++; C#; Go 1-2 years of experience in the following (consideration given to advanced degree): developing ML infrastructure and MLOps in the Cloud (AWS preferred) Experience with CI/CD tools (e.g.; Jenkins or equivalent); version control (Git); orchestration/ Job Scheduling tools (Airflow; Luigi; Oozie) Knowledge/experience working with AWS stack (Sagemaker; S3; Lambda; Batch; API Gateway) Experience with Infrastructure as code (Cloudformation/Terraform). CS background (preference for advanced degree) What\u2019s in it for you Compensation: Competitive base pay; incentive plans and employee referral bonuses. Coverage: Health; vision and dental featuring our best-in-class healthcare navigation services; along with life insurance; legal and identity protection; adoption assistance; EAP; Teladoc services and more. Retirement: 401(k) plan with up to 4% employer match and full vesting on day one. Balance: Paid Time Off (PTO); 7 paid holidays; parental leave; volunteer days; paid sabbaticals; and more. Development: Tuition reimbursement up to $5;250 annually; certification/continuing education reimbursement; discounted higher education partnerships; paid trainings and leadership development. Culture: Recognition as a Best Place to Work for 15+ years; dedication to diversity; philanthropy and sustainability; and people-first values that drive every decision. Environment: A modern workplace with a casual dress code; open floor plans; full-service dining; free snacks and drinks; complimentary 24/7 fitness center with group classes; outdoor walking paths; game room; notary and dry-cleaning services and more! Check out our home: https://youtu.be/xRnbvCW_YgA What you should know Internal Associates: Already a Healthcare Warrior? Apply internally through Jobvite. Process: Application > Phone Screen > Online Assessment(s) > Interview(s) > Offer > Background Check Diversity; Equity and Inclusion: Quantum Health welcomes everyone. We value our diverse team and suppliers; we\u2019re committed to empowering our ERGs; and we\u2019re proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Agencies: Quantum Health does not accept unsolicited resumes or outreach from third-parties. Absent a signed MSA and request/approval from Talent Acquisition to submit candidates for a specific requisition; we will not approve payment to any third party. Sponsorship: Applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent and ongoing future basis without requiring sponsorship. - #LI-KT1 #LI-Hybrid Note: Compensation information published by job boards are estimates and not verified by Quantum Health. Details surrounding compensation will be disclosed throughout the interview process. Compensation offered is based on the candidate\u2019s unique combination of experience and qualifications related to the position.Battelle delivers when others can\u2019t. We conduct research and development; manage national laboratories; design and manufacture products and deliver critical services for our clients\u2014whether they are a multi-national corporation; a small start-up or a government agency. We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. Job Summary We are currently seeking a senior-level Data Scientist \u2013 Bioeconomy . This position will be located in Columbus; OH . Battelle\u2019s Chemical; Biological; Radiological; Nuclear; and Explosives (CBRNE) Defense business line; in our National Security business unit; is currently seeking an individual with expertise in the U.S. bioeconomy to support anticipated project work in a study leadership capacity. The anticipated work will focus on understanding the relationships and dependencies within the U.S. bioeconomy supply chain and creating advanced visualization and analysis capabilities. The Hazard Modeling Team within CBRNE Defense provides its customers with technical analyses as well as modeling capabilities to inform their preparedness and response planning efforts to mitigate risk to the United States or their company. Successful applicants will have the opportunity to make this Nation and Battelle\u2019s clients safer and better prepared. This position is contingent upon contract award. Responsibilities Serve as the bioeconomy subject matter expert to lead bioeconomic supply chain analysis Lead technical team to achieve study objectives on time and within budget Interface with senior data scientists and software engineers to design and develop graphical user interfaces for computational models of the U.S. bioeconomy supply chain Identify and collect sources of U.S. bioeconomy supply chain data for use in visualization and analysis tools Interact with client to provide status updates; resolve technical issues; and brief capabilities to other stakeholders Perform rigorous economic and statistical analysis on large data sets Collect; reduce; process; and present model input and output data Key Qualifications At least 7 years of experience in bioeconomics; biomanufacturing; economic modeling; agriculture economics; supply chain operations; or related field Education reflecting on of the following: Bachelor\u2019s; Master's; or Ph.D. in Economics; Business; Biology; Statistics; Actuarial science; Mathematics; Engineering; or related field with relevant experience At least 5 years of experience with project management or project leadership with proven ability to meet project deadlines on schedule and in budget Demonstrated experience in the development and mentoring of junior staff Experience communicating technical concepts to diverse groups of stakeholders Subject matter expertise in the U.S. bioeconomy with extensive experience in at least one of the following: manufacturing processes; pharmaceuticals; life science supply chains Must be a U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain and maintain a Secret DoD clearance Preferred Qualifications PhD preferred Experience with economic modeling of supply chain data Knowledge of advanced statistics and database visualization Active DoD Secret or Top Secret clearance Benefits: Live an Extraordinary Life We care about your well-being; not just on the job. Battelle offers comprehensive and competitive benefits to help you live your best life. Balance life through a compressed work schedule : Most of our team follows a flexible; compressed work schedule that allows for every other Friday off\u2014giving you a dedicated day to accomplish things in your personal life without using vacation time. Take time to recharge : You get paid time off to support work-life balance and keep motivated. Prioritize wellness : Stay healthy with medical; dental; and vision coverage with wellness incentives and benefits plus a variety of optional supplemental benefits. Better together : Coverage for partners; gender-affirming care and health support; and family formation support. Build your financial future : Build financial stability with an industry-leading 401(k) retirement savings plan. For most employees; we put in 5 percent whether you contribute or not; and match your contributions on top of that. Advance your education : Tuition assistance is available to pursue higher education. Flexible work arrangements : You have options for where you work and when you work. A Work Environment Where You Succeed For brilliant minds in science; technology; engineering and business operations; Battelle is the place to do the greatest good by solving humanity\u2019s most pressing challenges and creating a safer; healthier and more secure world. You will have the opportunity to thrive in a culture that inspires you to: Apply your talent to challenging and meaningful projects Receive select funding to pursue ideas in scientific and technological discovery Collaborate with world-class experts in an inclusive environment Nurture and develop the next generation of scientific leaders Give back to and improve our communities Vaccinations & Safety Protocols Battelle may require employees; based on job duties; work location; and/or its clients\u2019 requirements to follow certain safety protocols and to be vaccinated against a variety of viruses; bacteria; and diseases as a condition of employment and continued employment and to provide documentation that they are fully vaccinated. If applicable; Battelle will provide reasonable accommodations based on a qualified disability or medical condition through the Americans with Disabilities Act or the Rehabilitation Act or for a sincerely held religious belief under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (and related state laws). Battelle is an equal opportunity employer. We provide employment and opportunities for advancement; compensation; training; and growth according to individual merit; without regard to race; color; religion; sex (including pregnancy); national origin; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; marital status; age; genetic information; disability; veteran-status veteran or military status; or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal; state; or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle. The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities; activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle's Legal Department. For more information about our other openings; please visit www.battelle.org/careersThe Senior Data Analytics Specialist will work on a variety of data management and statistical analytic tasks to inform emerging questions in Neurology Health Services Research including quantifying the value of neurologic care; evaluating approaches to optimizing neurologic systems of care and understanding factors that contribute to differential clinical outcomes by sociocultural status. Primary responsibilities will include data management for a variety of different datasets and types of data (e.g.; Medical claims data; longitudinal survey data; survey data) and linkages across datasets. Provides extensive data management support to obtain and prepare data for analysis. Implements state-of-the-art solutions using code; evaluates the validity and reliability of the solutions; and improves on them as needed to ensure clarity and reproducibility. Designs; implements; tests; and improves methodologies for solving complex problems with minimal supervision. Based on analytic datasets developed from these primary data sources; the Senior Data Analytics Specialist will also contribute expertise in data analysis using a variety of statistical techniques in collaboration with experienced Health Services Researchers. Assists with summarizing conclusions and solutions for presentation. Contributes expertise in data visualization and description. Assists with proposal writing; the preparation of reports and the development of manuscripts. At the inception of studies; assists the team in selection of study design; identification of applicable data analysis strategies and pre-registration of data analysis plans. Participates in strategic decision-making regarding identification of follow-up research questions and optimal approaches to finding data-driven answers. Provides leadership to junior staff on small tasks. Works autonomously but with guidance from senior research staff. We welcome candidates with various types of analytical sophistication (expertise in statistics; mathematical modeling; data mining; network analysis; or data analytics) and seek individuals comfortable working outside of their expertise to learn new methods. Minimum Education and Experience Requirements: Master's Degree in Statistics; Biostatistics; Epidemiology; Public Health; Applied Mathematics; Data Science; Computer Science or relevant related field or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Expertise with statistical software (Stata preferred; but SAS; R; Python acceptable). Expertise in regression modeling techniques including multi-level models. Experience with code optimization. Expertise in manipulating and analyzing large data sets. Some programming experience in Python preferred. Experience demonstrating data visualization skills. Experience working in an academic medical setting required. Proven history facilitating manuscript publication in peer reviewed journals required. Must be able to work independently and as part of a team. Requires successful completion of a background check. Selected candidate may be required to complete a pre- employment physical; including a drug screen. Regular 40 First ShiftSCI Business Analyst Location: Marysville; Ohio Workstyle: Hybrid What Makes a Honda; is Who makes a Honda Honda has a clear vision for the future; and it\u2019s a joyful one. We are looking for individuals with the skills; courage; persistence; and dreams that will help us reach our future-focused goals. At our core is innovation. Honda is constantly innovating and developing solutions to drive our business with record success. We strive to be a company which serves as a source of \u201cpower\u201d that supports people around the world who are trying to do things based on their own initiative and that helps people expand their own potential. To this end; Honda strives to realize \u201cthe joy and freedom of mobility\u201d by developing new technologies and an innovative approach to achieve a \u201czero environmental footprint.\u201d We are looking for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds; experiences; continuous improvement values; and a strong work ethic to join our team. If your goals and values align with Honda\u2019s; we want you to join our team to Bring the Future! About this Position: This role is responsible for developing and maintaining both proactive and reactive strategies for SOM; including rotating PDCA on designated activity; setting the plan; tracking progress; and following up on gaps found. Strong leadership and collaboration skills are required both within and outside the Business Unit. This role will include leading and participating in broad scope projects and understanding/navigating complex supplier data/situations. The designee will also be responsible for leading the strategy; developing; and executing the training associated with their area of responsibility. Responsibilities include: Support Department Business plan performance measurable and targets; forecast impact; monitor results & develop gap elimination plans to achieve Department goals Develop and execute training for SA associates Perform technical in-depth analysis of current business practices and propose improvement options Perform deep root cause analysis through data analysis; engage with Supplier Assurance Department; and work collaboratively to understand supplier situation analysis Initiate frequent; interactive discussions with other Business Units in order to ensure two-way sharing of thoughts and ideas Identifies problem areas and develops effective countermeasures to correct problems or potentials problems to avoid impacting operations Who we are seeking: Required Work Experience: 6 \u2013 10 years of experience based on education Required Education: Bachelors\u2019 degree in Engineering; Project Management; Human Resources; Data Analytics; Data Science; Computer Science; or 10 years equivalent relevant experience. Desired skills: Application of Honda Philosophy Communicating with impact & influence Develop self and others Ability to balance workload and set priorities Result Orientation Ability to work across multiple Business units Ability to create teamwork & valuing relationships Leading with purpose Additional Position Factors: Workstyle: In-office/ On -site Travel: 5% At Honda; you will play a key role in our journey to become a company that society wants to exist now; and in the future. Your endless curiosity will drive innovation and your courageous spirit will challenge the status quo. We believe having a workforce made up of diverse thinkers and innovators makes us a better Honda. Respect for each other and respect for diversity each and every day drives our associates to contribute at the highest level and work effectively in a team environment. We make the dream of mobility a reality with our innovative and high-quality products. Together; we Bring the Future to our customers; associates; and communities. We are Honda! What differentiates Honda and make us an employer of choice? Total Rewards: Insure you apply the right benefits based on Grade (Overtime Pay vs. Company Lease Car Competitive Base Salary Annual Bonus Overtime Pay Industry leading Benefit Plans (Medical; Dental; Vision; Rx) Paid time off; including vacation; paid holidays; sick time; personal days 401K Plan with company match + additional contribution Relocation assistance (if eligible) Career Growth: Advancement opportunities Career mobility Education reimbursement for continued learning Training and Development programs Additional Offerings: Wellbeing program Community service and engagement programs Product programs Free drinks onsite Honda is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race; color; creed; religion; national origin; sex; sexual orientation; gender identity and expression; age; disability; veteran status; or any other protected factor.You have a life. We like that about you. At OCLC; we believe you'll do the best work of your life when you're living the best life possible. We work hard to build the technology that connects thousands of today's libraries. But we also work hard to make a job at OCLC a meaningful part of a balanced life- not a substitute for one. Technology with a Purpose. OCLC supports thousands of libraries in making information more accessible and more useful to people around the world. OCLC provides shared technology services; original research and community programs that help libraries meet the ever-evolving needs of their users; institutions; and communities. With office locations around the globe; OCLC employees are dedicated to offering premier services and software to help libraries. The Job Details are as follows: Technology with a Purpose. OCLC supports thousands of libraries in making information more accessible and more useful to people around the world. OCLC provides shared technology services; original research and community programs that help libraries meet the ever-evolving needs of their users; institutions and communities. With office locations around the globe; OCLC employees are dedicated to offering premier services and software to help libraries cut costs while keeping pace with the demands of our information-driven society. The OCLC Data Services organization is looking for a visionary technologist and passionate leader to continue to drive its growing investment in data science and analytics. This work will play a key role in helping the company unlock the value contained in our immense data ecosystem in service of our academic; public; and global library members. We don't just use the data to run the business; it is the business! If you are comfortable working with petabyte-scale datasets; building sophisticated machine learning models; and creating beautiful data visualizations to be embedded into products; you may have found your new job. This role has three missions: Further growing the new data science practice inside of OCLC from finding opportunities to building predictive model to driving their implementation. Delivering reporting and analytics services to our member libraries so they better understand their operations. Building and releasing new analytics software to give libraries insights they\u2019ve not seen before. To do all this you need experience growing; developing; and leading multiple teams. This is also a highly technical role that demands a sharp technical edge. The ideal candidate will also be experienced in the full life cycle of analytics work; aware that building models and creating metrics is only small portion of delivering value. You\u2019ll have experience working with business partners on problem definition at the start (so your teams tackle the right opportunities) and internal change management at the end (so your team\u2019s results are adopted and continuously improved) . We believe that innovative technology should serve a purpose and what better purpose than helping to expand access to the world's knowledge: What is known must be shared. Responsibilities: Actively participate in the hiring and career development of engineers and data scientists within the team and across the organization; contributing to the culture of innovation and teamwork throughout Data Services Shape and deliver the vision and execution of OCLC\u2019s approach to data science and analytics; working closely with product management and technology leaders to influence and align the business needs to the technical strategy Continue building OCLC\u2019s Analytics Products team; the group building highly focused analytical products that deliver insights for our member libraries. Lead the development of new machine learning models to improve the quality; speed; and relevance of our metadata used across all lines of business Act as a teacher; advocate; and visionary leader for the power of data visualization and storytelling within our products and across the company Represent the organization in the local technology and global library communities as an advocate for the value of data science at OCLC Be thoughtful of bias and transparency in all our uses of data and work tirelessly to ensure diversity of thought and inclusion of viewpoints in the development and use of AI/ML Qualifications: Master\u2019s degree or equivalent work experience in machine learning; data science; analytics; mathematics/statistics; or a related field and/or 10+ years\u2019 demonstrated experience in big data; statistics; model development working with statistical packages and machine learning tools (R; Python; SAS; Stata; MATLAB; etc.). 5+ years\u2019 experience managing data science and analytics teams; experience managing multiple teams a plus Experience leading software development teams in an agile environment Understanding and experience managing data warehouses/lakes; including the ELT processes that feed them and the analytics tool that generate insights from them. Experience with cloud-based platforms such as AWS; Databricks and Snowflake Technical depth to actively participate in design and use of data management; ML techniques; pipelines; data visualization approaches and contribute perspectives on business/technology tradeoffs; helping the team explain and prioritize their work Excellent communication skills and fluent English (speaking/reading/writing); with the ability to present technical architecture and direction to business stakeholders and senior management Experience taking a strong consultative approach to data science; understanding the expected business value; and measuring everything. Working Conditions: Normal office environment. ADA/EAA: The above statements cover what are generally believed to be principal and essential functions of this job. Specific circumstances may allow or require some people assigned to the job to perform a somewhat different combination of duties.Location: Hybrid Work Model \u2013 Van Wert; Ohio or Dublin; Ohio We are looking for a Data Engineer to join our Data Engineering Team. The Data Engineering Team is part of CMI's overall digital transformation and how it leverages data in more aspects of its business by ensuring the highest quality data is available to decision-makers at the right time. This role will be involved in designing; developing and maintaining CMI\u2019s Enterprise Data Management Framework. Responsibilities: Design; architect; develop and maintain high-volume data pipelines using Azure data factory; stored procedures; Azure functions; SSIS; SQL; APIs; etc. to bring together information from different source systems and proficient with how to integrate; consolidate and cleanse data and structure it for the use of various business functions. Responsible for all the data engineering projects at project level to (scope; schedule; cost and quality) deliver key business objectives and sustainable business results. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of information requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Devises solutions based on limited information and precedent and adapts existing approaches to resolve issues. Uses evaluation; judgment; and interpretation to select right course of action. Responsible for making Data Architectural decisions at team level. Helps in eliminating technical debt. Also helps coaching junior data engineers in eliminating technical debt. Develops various Enterprise Data Models (e.g.; transactional data model; Financial Data (G/L) data model; Data Warehouse data model; Dimensional data model; MDM data model etc.) Contributes in implementing Enterprise Data Quality initiative. Apply subject matter knowledge to solve common and complex business issues and recommend appropriate alternatives. Analyze problems of diverse complexity and scope; and exercise independent judgement to identify and select a solution. Provides technical leadership and coaches junior developers. Maximizes use of established tools/techniques; Identifies areas of risk and opportunities for improvement & resolves basic problems. Required Qualifications: Master\u2019s degree in Computer Science or related field Or Bachelor\u2019s degree in Computer Science or related field and 2 years related experience Or 4 years related experience Knowledge Skills and Abilities: Must have at least 3 years hands-on Azure experience as a Data Engineer and have extensive expertise building; tuning and managing data pipelines with Azure Data Factory. Excellent experience with SQL language that includes developing advanced SQL queries; and query performance optimization techniques. Excellent experience developing conceptual; logical; and physical Data Models; including 3NF (3rd Normalized Form); and Dimensional Modeling. Excellent experience with Data Warehouse Architecture (Inmon vs. Kimball vs. Data Vault) Experience with Master Data Management (MDM); Data lineage and Metadata management. Experience with Data DevOps; including Agile; Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery. Experience with SQL server Analysis Services Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Bonus Points: Experience with the Property and Casualty Insurance industry; strong understanding of insurance business and data models. Experience with DB2 database /mainframe z/OS and COBOL programming Dashboard development using Power BI. Experience with GitHub and Data DevOps integration Experience with Azure Databricks / Dedicated SQL pool and Serverless SQL pool with Azure Synapse Analytics/ Data lakehouse with Azure Synapse Analytics / Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2. Experience architecting; designing and developing Data Warehouse using Data Vault 2.0; Data Vault Modeling and Bi-Temporal Modeling Experience with neural networks; machine learning; deep learning; Azure Data bricks; spark; python; data mining techniques; and data science libraries like NumPy; TensorFlow; Keras; scikit-learn; etc. Working at Central We pride ourselves on our long history\u2014not just the years we\u2019ve been in business; but the thousands of policyholders we\u2019ve provided peace of mind to along the way. We\u2019ve also built a reputation of being one of the top carrier choices for premier agents across the country. None of this came about by chance. It\u2019s all because we have a team of employees that works together to deliver the best customer service in the industry. We foster a spirit of collaboration and camaraderie. We celebrate our victories as one while still recognizing individual accomplishments and contributions. And when we see something that needs to be improved upon; we join forces to make the change. In addition; we\u2019ve built a structure where the customer truly is the focus. We have the systems; workflows and resources in place to offer quick turnarounds that still have a personal touch. This allows our employees to have the tools they need to excel. Our corporate culture is shaped by our shared commitment to excellence and it\u2019s guided by \u201cCentral Hospitality.\u201d In the end; it\u2019s all about relationships and you are a major part of that. It is the policy of Central that all recruiting; hiring; training; compensation; overtime; job classification and assignment; facilities; promotions; transfers; employee treatment and all other terms and conditions of employment shall be maintained in a manner which will not discriminate against any person because of race; color; age; sex; national origin; ancestry; religion; marital status; military status; or disability. The applicant should respond to questions on this application in a way that will not divulge such information. #LI-HybridIf you\u2019re passionate about becoming a Nationwide associate and believe you have the potential to be something great; let\u2019s talk. This role is compensation grade F4 This is a REMOTE OPPORTUNITY. This opportunity is a role on the \u2018Marketing Data; Analytics; and Research\u2019 team in Marketing Operations; supporting enterprise and brand marketing across all business units. The selected individual will be responsible for the design; build; and delivery of data products that drive advanced multi-channel marketing campaigns; measurement of campaign effectiveness; and predictive analytics/models. As a Specialist; you'll actively participate in all phases of the marketing and advertising analytics life cycle. You will partner with internal customers in determining data and information needs and in identifying information to aid with decision making. You\u2019ll build sophisticated data and analytic solutions using modern platforms and business intelligence tools. You will serve as the lead to others for information and data needs. This opening can be filled in one of our offices; or in a remote/work-from-home (WFH) capacity from anywhere in the country. If one or more of the items below is a fit; we want to hear from you! You have the drive and desire to be a part of a future forward data enabled culture. You have interest; skills; or experience with innovative data solutions using modern platforms such as Databricks; AWS; Snowflake; etc. You have interest or experience in working with marketing; advertising; customer interaction/behavioral; and econometric data sets. You enjoy working on inclusive and collaborative teams with peers who are also passionate experts in their area of focus. Job Description Summary Building a deep understanding of customers and the marketing that works to attract them begins with developing insights and solutions from data. If you thrive on problem-solving; connecting the dots and being part of an organized and informed project team; have exceptional attention to detail and a deep sense of ownership for quality and project workflow; we want to know more about you! As a Specialist; you'll develop and support marketing information capabilities and insights for production or internal business partners. This can include responsibility for business and data analytics projects; including development and maintenance of intermediate statistical models and related analyzes. This can also include developing the business understanding vital for analytics projects; obtaining and leading related data; performing analyses; interpreting results; outlining requirements for analytical solutions as needed; providing insights to internal clients and helping implement insights to marketing decisions. You also may work on projects through one or more of the delivery cycles from initiation; solution scoping; design; development; and analytic execution through implementation. You'll help document business rules; business cases; requirements; information requirements; analytic requirements and implementation strategy for changes and improvements to customer information and decision making both in an analytical and operational environment. Job Description Key Responsibilities: Assists with multiple projects to develop business and data analysis to drive business objectives. Participates on workstreams of projects designed to execute analytics and to deliver analytic and operational capabilities and solutions. Helps generate understanding of business processes and assists with identifying critical business metrics and information requirements for decision making. Documents the efforts of the business subject matter professionals; assists with the business alignment and scoping sessions. Assists in gathering; analyzing and interpreting a wide variety of underlying data to support business; customer and/or financial objectives; able to identify new ways to combine business data to improve business processes and marketing and business outcomes. Helps with the initiative to build and/or improve existing statistical models to solve business problems; defining requirements for sophisticated machine-learning models; implementing testing strategy and assists in putting final models into production. Assists with interpreting statistical/analytical results and creating a feedback loop for analyzes improvement. Builds data visualization to support business needs. Helps designs and implements qualitative and quantitative research projects and methodologies used to measure consumer perceptions and satisfaction. Helps drive marketing action and results through the interpretation and application of data and research findings. Helps facilitate business implementation planning sessions. May facilitate post-implementation checkpoint with business units to ensure best in class solutions are implemented. Works with leader to influence change and gain support from leadership and key partners for the development of new processes and methods Assists with developing governance; documentation and training around new processes. May perform other responsibilities as assigned. Reporting Relationships: Reports to Director/Manager. This is an individual contributor role. Typical Skills and Experiences: Education: Undergraduate studies with post graduate studies preferred. Experience: Typically; five or more years related experience with analytic techniques; statistical methodologies; statistical software and data analysis. Experience with problem solving in a business environment; working with large customer and/or prospect databases; working with product; geographic; demographic data to identify trends and opportunities. Knowledge; Skills and Abilities: Strong knowledge of analytic lifecycle; business intelligence; database warehousing applications; structured query language; and qualitative/quantitative research methodologies. Proven problem solving; analytical; research and quantitative analysis skills and analytical working techniques; including regression; decision trees; multivariate analysis; etc. Good verbal and written communication skills. Proficiency in developing ad hoc queries using SQL. Comprehension of Agile methodology framework. Other criteria; including leadership skills; competencies and experiences may take precedence. Staffing exceptions to the above must be approved by the hiring manager\u2019s leader and HR Business Partner. Values: Regularly and consistently demonstrates Nationwide Values. Job Conditions: Overtime Eligibility: Exempt (Not eligible) Working Conditions: Normal office environment. Extended and non-standard work hours based on project and customer needs. ADA: The above statements cover what are generally believed to be principal and essential functions of this job. Specific circumstances may allow or require some people assigned to the job to perform a somewhat different combination of duties. #LI-JM2 Benefits We have an array of benefits to fit your needs; including: medical/dental/vision; life insurance; short and long term disability coverage; paid time off with newly hired associates receiving a minimum of 18 days paid time off each full calendar year pro-rated quarterly based on hire date; nine paid holidays; 8 hours of Lifetime paid time off; 8 hours of Unity Day paid time off; 401(k) with company match; company-paid pension plan; business casual attire; and more. To learn more about the benefits we offer; click here . Nationwide is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive culture where everyone feels challenged; appreciated; respected and engaged. Nationwide prohibits discrimination and harassment and affords equal employment opportunities to employees and applicants without regard to any characteristic (or classification) protected by applicable law. #marketing Smoke-Free Iowa Statement: Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company; its affiliates and subsidiaries comply with the Iowa Smokefree Air Act. Smoking is prohibited in all enclosed areas on or around company premises as well as company issued vehicles. The company offers designated smoking areas in which smoking is permitted at each individual location. The Act prohibits retaliation for reporting complaints or violations. For more information on the Iowa Smokefree Air Act; individuals may contact the Smokefree Air Act Helpline at 888-944-2247. For NY residents please review the following state law information: Notice of Employee Rights; Protections; and Obligations LS740 (ny.gov) Nationwide pays on a geographic-specific salary structure and placement within the actual starting salary range for this position will be determined by a number of factors including the skills; education; training; credentials and experience of the candidate; the scope; complexity and location of the role as well as the cost of labor in the market; and other conditions of employment. If a Sales job; Sales Incentives; based on performance goals are possible in addition to this range. The national salary range for Specialist; Marketing Information Management : 73;500.00-152;000.00 The expected starting salary range for Specialist; Marketing Information Management : 81;500.00 - 122;500.00Description This position is within Data & Analytics team; responsible for automating every applicable step of analytics; including data prep; blending; reporting; predictive analytics; and data science algorithms. This person will work directly with our Analytics Business Partner team & Data Science Team to develop and advise on best practices to apply automation to our existing Python/SQL workflow in the Snowflake environment. This role will serve as a subject matter expert for data automation and will look to create efficiencies for the existing Analytics team. RESPONSIBILITIES: Partner with the Data & Analytics team to delivery automation solutions from idea conception through implementation Develop and lead simplification projects to improve efficiency and productivity of the Data & Analytics team and ultimately our business users through automation and self-service capabilities Continually explore better tools to do your job and strengthen your skills Support the build and or purchase of tools/technology for Data Automation Coach and mentor on the topics of data automation; tools; and process automation Identify and support ways to make data processing more efficient with automation Bath & Body works is proud to offer a competitive; performance-based compensation and benefits package to our eligible associates. Benefits include a merchandise discount; a no cost mental health and well-being program; health coverage with a variety of plans to choose from; and flexible and affordable saving programs. We also offer flexible scheduling and opportunities for paid time off. Visit bbwbenefits.com for details. View Benefits Information Qualifications 5 years experience in data automation with 2 years of management experience To be successful in this role; you need to be a self-starter with strategic focus and bias for action and experience in continuous process improvement Process Automation Experience: Demonstrated experience with process automation using tools such as Alteryx; Python; UiPath; R and other Bachelor\u2019s degree in business; statistics; engineering; mathematics; computer science; information management or related field with 3 years of experience as a data professional Strong aptitude for learning new tools and processes relevant to analysis; governance; and reporting on complex data in a dynamic environment Ability to effectively manage multiple assignments with challenging timelines while maintaining high standards Expert on Data automation principles Experience working with large databases (Snowflake/Azure preferred: not required) Demonstrated knowledge of Microsoft Office tools; including Excel; Word; and PowerPoint (preferred: not required) Demonstrated ability to independently develop complex queries using SQL; Python; or other coding languages (Python preferred) Retail experience is a plus (preferred: not required) The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities; duties and skills required. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants; including those with arrest records; conviction records; or other criminal histories; in a manner consistent with the requirements of any applicable state and local laws. Please see links: Los Angeles Fair Chance In Hiring Ordinance; Philadelphia Fair Chance Law; San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not make employment decisions based on an individual\u2019s race; color; religion; gender; gender identity; national origin; citizenship; age; disability; sexual orientation; marital status; pregnancy; genetic information; protected veteran status or any other legally protected status; and we comply with all laws concerning nondiscriminatory employment practices. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for associates and job applicants with disabilities. Our management team is dedicated to ensuring fulfillment of this policy with respect to recruitment; hiring; placement; promotion; transfer; training; compensation; benefits; associate activities and general treatment during employment. We only hire individuals authorized for employment in the United States.Job Description The Data Science Consultant contributes to the strategic vision and serves as a technical contributor in the implementation and evaluation of advanced data analytics initiatives under the supervision of a manager. Creates value to the organization by compiling and analyzing business data from across the clinical; research; educational; and operational areas of the medical center. The Data Science Consultant is an enterprise-wide support role with work that involves the application of advanced analytical methods; such as mathematical and simulation modeling; and excellent communication skills to contribute to long-term strategies of complex issues across the medical center. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor\u2019s degree in Data Science; Industrial and Systems Engineering; Computer Science; Operations Research; Applied Statistics; Applied Mathematics; Informatics; or related field; or equivalent combination of education and healthcare related experience required. Six years of recent and relevant hands-on predictive analytics experience required. Solid knowledge in statistics/applied mathematics and computer science leveraged in a healthcare/business setting; including but not limited to: Data acquisition using SQL or some other format; understanding of relational data base design Experience with at least one Logic Based Programming languages and tools such as R; Python; SQL; SAS; etc. In-depth understanding of Discrete and Continuous Simulation; Inferential Statistics; Bayesian Statistics; Experimental Design; both univariate and multi-variate regression analysis Familiarity of modeling/machine learning techniques such as market basket; kNN; Decision Tree; Random Forests; ARIMA; XGBoost; and other techniques Mathematical Modeling experience using linear; integer and non-linear techniques Our Comprehensive Employee Benefits Include: An array of retirement plan options; each with a generous employer contribution. Affordable health insurance options; including dental; vision and prescription coverage that begin on day one. Paid vacation and sick leave; including short and long-term disability and paid parental leave. Get the most out of the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program. And much more! Regular 40 First Shift** This is a direct hire position for one of our clients. This position is fully remote but needs to be on EST or CST time zone. Candidates must be able to work in the US without sponsorship .** We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Data Engineer to join our team. In this role; you will be responsible for creating and maintaining a scalable ETL data pipeline; managing a multi-modal data storage system; and collaborating with the data science team to enable ML Ops. Your strong understanding of data and proficiency in SQL will be critical for efficiently querying and obtaining data. As a Data Engineer; you will take ownership of technical and business outcomes; assist the development and data science teams with data analysis; and document processes and methodologies. Excellent communication skills are essential for effectively conveying insights and findings to stakeholders. Responsibilities Create and maintain a scalable ETL data pipeline that ingests multiple large data sets; including structured financial and patent data; as well as unstructured data such as white papers and scraped websites. Enable entity resolution and other transformations for clean data integration and usage. Develop and maintain a multi-modal data storage system that supports scalable and real-time processing for production-level data. Collaborate with the data science team to enable ML Ops; ensuring the efficient integration and deployment of machine learning models into the platform. Possess a deep curiosity and passion for data; demonstrating a strong and extensive understanding of data. Efficiently query and retrieve data using SQL. Take ownership of technical and business outcomes; demonstrating a strong sense of responsibility for the success of data engineering projects. Assist the development and data science teams with processing and integrating data analysis; enabling them to derive valuable insights from the data. Clearly document processes; methodologies; and tools used; ensuring that knowledge is effectively shared within the team. Required Experience Bachelor's degree in a relevant technical field. Significant experience (at least 3-5 years) as a data engineer in the AWS ecosystem; with a strong familiarity in working with structured and unstructured large data sets. Proficient in enabling scalable and distributed compute and ensuring real-time processing at scale. Demonstrated expertise (at least 3-5 years) in writing complex SQL queries and conducting data correlations analysis. Extensive experience (at least 3-5 years) with the AWS ecosystem; including tools; services; and resources that enable scalable and distributed compute. Strong project management skills; with the ability to scope timelines; methodologies; and deliverables for development; testing; and integration into the platform. Excellent communication and storytelling skills; both written and verbal; to effectively convey insights and findings to technical and non-technical stakeholders. Our Vetting Process At Emergent Software; we work hard to find the software engineers who are the right fit for our clients. Here are the steps of our vetting process for this position: Application (5 minutes) Online Assessment & Short Algorithm Challenge (40-60 minutes) Initial Phone Interview (30-45 minutes) 2-3 Interviews with the Client Job Offer! Join our client's dynamic team as a Data Engineer and play a crucial role in developing and maintaining our client's data infrastructure; ensuring the seamless integration and utilization of large-scale data sets. Apply your expertise in data engineering and the AWS ecosystem to drive innovation and deliver impactful solutions. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $100;000.00 - $120;000.00 per year Schedule: 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Work Location: RemoteThe Data Science Advisor position will report to the Sr Manager; CRM and Analytics. This role would be responsible for developing new statistical models or other algorithms to drive increased sales through personalization. Responsibilities Develops algorithms; predictive models or other mathematical approaches to solve business problems Implements and maintains code or algorithm in production environment Develops reporting that helps executives and business partners under the impact of new solutions Collaborates with Marketing team members and other departments to proactively identify areas where insights would enhance our knowledge of the customer and/or increase revenue Support analytics team with adhoc projects as requested Qualifications Advanced degree in Statistics or related field preferred 3+ years experience in advanced analytics; statistics; or data science role Strong programming experience with R and/or Python for statistical modeling and other machine learning applications Ability to clearly and concisely communicate with business partners of varying levels Familiar with current and emerging techniques in analytics (machine learning; deep learning; AI) What is expected of you and others at this level Applies comprehensive knowledge and a thorough understanding of concepts; principles; and technical capabilities to perform varied tasks and projects May contribute to the development of policies and procedures Works on complex projects of large scope Develops technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems. Solutions are innovative and consistent with organization objectives Completes work independently; receives general guidance on new projects Work reviewed for purpose of meeting objectives May act as a mentor to less experienced colleagues Candidates who are back-to-work; people with disabilities; without a college degree; and Veterans are encouraged to apply. Cardinal Health supports an inclusive workplace that values diversity of thought; experience and background. We celebrate the power of our differences to create better solutions for our customers by ensuring employees can be their authentic selves each day. Cardinal Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race; religion; color; national origin; ancestry; age; physical or mental disability; sex; sexual orientation; gender identity/expression; pregnancy; veteran status; marital status; creed; status with regard to public assistance; genetic status or any other status protected by federal; state or local law.Who\u2019s using innovation to drive the success of one of the fastest growing retailers in the nation? Our Real Estate Analytics team. After all; we have an aggressive plan to become the third-largest U.S. grocery retailer by store count by the end of 2022. And this team will help us determine where we build by finding our next locations; negotiating deals and building future ALDI sites. This is where your skills can drive our success as well as your own. In this role the Data Analyst II will be responsible for maintaining databases; developing workflows; and representing data in dashboards to the various executive teams within ALDI. The ideal candidate will add specific experience working with data surrounding our real estate portfolio and have an educational background in coding; IT; or mathematics. The objective of this role is to centralize the ETL and dashboarding processes behind the decision making and monitoring for all ALDI real estate projects. Position Type: Full-Time Starting Salary: $90;000.00 annually Work Location: Dublin; OH This role is eligible to participate in ALDI\u2019s Hybrid Work Program; which allows remote work up to 3 days per week (i.e.; work remotely up to 3 days per week; work in-office at least 2 days per week) Duties and Responsibilities: Must be able to perform duties with or without reasonable accommodation. Guides and educates best practices within department in building dashboards. Influences others within the job area through explanation of facts; policies and practices. Recommends process improvements for area of responsibility. Develops dynamic; scalable; and effective dashboards including related KPIs/ metrics for visual analysis. Maintains data engineering specifications to ensure they are logical; accurate and meet internal objectives in online data visualization environment and platforms like Tableau and Alteryx. Leads and participates in special projects and initiatives such as innovating and implementing large-scale quality improvements to processes and/or systems by conducting data analyses and making recommendations; troubleshooting technical issues; and refining processes around customer support. Analyzes existing dashboards and reports using performance tuning and works with colleagues to identify opportunities for process improvements and assist in the implementation. Provides input for complex data science and big data mining projects. Designs; manages; and delivers analyses for all real estate-related departments via complex workflows and statistical modeling. Upholds the security and confidentiality of documents and data within area of responsibility. Other duties as assigned. Job Qualifications: ALDI Acts Competencies: Perform within ALDI Acts competencies as outlined below. Collaborates and Cooperates with Team: Commits to and supports a collaborative and high-performing working environment with peers and managers. Drives for Success: Seizes opportunities and proactively takes concrete actions to complete tasks. Goes the \u201cextra mile\u201d and persistently overcomes obstacles to improve outputs. Focuses on the Customer: Seeks to understand underlying customer needs to create value. Drives the team to maintain focus on customers. Manages and Support Projects: Effectively plans; executes and supports project needs to support management and the larger ALDI business. Organizes and Executes with Accuracy: Leverages a systematic; efficient and organized approach while ensuring quality and accuracy of results. Thinks Critically and Resolves Problems: Responds to emerging problems in an accurate and timely manner. Where possible; leverages available resources to address situations before they occur. Job-specific Competencies: Knowledge/Skills/Abilities Gives attention to detail and follows instruction. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Effective time management; maximizes productivity. Prepares written materials to meet purpose and audience. Develops and maintains positive relationships with internal and external parties. Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite. Ability to stay organized and multi-task in a professional and efficient manner. Problem-solving skills. Ability to work both independently and within a team environment. Education and Experience: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science; Math; Statistics or a related field required. A minimum of 5 years of progressive experience in Data Analytics required. Or a combination of education and experience providing equivalent knowledge. A minimum of 6 years of professional work using R; Python; SQL; or Alteryx required. Master\u2019s Degree in Computer Science; Math; Data Analytics; or a related field preferred. Tableau experience highly preferred. Physical Requirements: Work is performed in an office environment where a computer; telephone and other office equipment are used as needed to perform duties. Regularly required to sit; reach; grasp; stand and move from one area to another. Constantly and repeatedly use keyboard/mouse. Occasionally required to push; pull; bend; lift and move up to 25 lbs. Travel: No travel required. ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits; including: 401(k) Plan Company 401(k) Matching Contributions Employee Assistance Program (EAP) PerkSpot National Discount Program In addition; eligible employees are offered: Medical; Prescription; Dental & Vision Insurance Generous Vacation Time & 7 Paid Holidays Up to 6 Weeks Paid Parental Leave at 100% of pay Up to 2 Weeks Paid Caregiver Leave at 100% of pay Short and Long-Term Disability Insurance Life; Dependent Life and AD&D Insurance Voluntary Term Life Insurance ALDI is committed to equal opportunity for all employees and applicants. As a proud Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE); we do not discriminate based on race; color; national origin; ancestry; citizenship status; religion; sex; sexual stereotyping; sexual orientation; gender; gender identity; gender expression; age; marital status; mental or physical disability; medical condition; genetic information; military or veteran status; pregnancy (which includes pregnancy; childbirth; and medical conditions related to pregnancy; childbirth; or breastfeeding); or any other protected characteristic. Employment may be contingent upon ALDI's receipt of an acceptable and job-related drug test; motor vehicle report; and/or reference check; as applicable and permissible by law.", "label": [[537, 550, "Hard_Skills"], [1549, 1580, "Soft_Skills"], [1612, 1617, "Soft_Skills"], [2628, 2644, "Hard_Skills"], [2745, 2766, "Hard_Skills"], [2828, 2833, "Hard_Skills"], [2835, 2858, "Hard_Skills"], [2860, 2876, "Hard_Skills"], [3062, 3065, "Hard_Skills"], [3067, 3077, "Hard_Skills"], [3079, 3085, "Hard_Skills"], [3325, 3354, "Hard_Skills"], [7048, 7058, "Soft_Skills"], [7192, 7206, "Hard_Skills"], [7291, 7295, "Hard_Skills"], [7425, 7433, "Hard_Skills"], [7837, 7841, "Hard_Skills"], [8424, 8432, "Hard_Skills"], [8514, 8534, "Hard_Skills"], [8536, 8557, "Hard_Skills"], [8559, 8579, "Hard_Skills"], [8581, 8593, "Hard_Skills"], [8622, 8638, "Hard_Skills"], [8640, 8660, "Hard_Skills"], [8754, 8766, "Hard_Skills"], [8797, 8807, "Hard_Skills"], [8809, 8822, "Hard_Skills"], [8824, 8844, "Hard_Skills"], [8895, 8902, "Soft_Skills"], [8924, 8938, "Hard_Skills"], [8943, 8956, "Hard_Skills"], [9360, 9376, "Hard_Skills"], [9520, 9530, "Soft_Skills"], [9840, 9848, "Soft_Skills"], [11955, 11973, "Soft_Skills"], [13376, 13381, "Hard_Skills"], [13394, 13398, "Hard_Skills"], [13402, 13408, "Hard_Skills"], [13555, 13564, "Soft_Skills"], [13828, 13849, "Hard_Skills"], [14033, 14048, "Soft_Skills"], [14179, 14193, "Hard_Skills"], [14195, 14219, "Hard_Skills"], [14660, 14671, "Soft_Skills"], [14741, 14757, "Hard_Skills"], [15017, 15087, "Soft_Skills"], [15144, 15146, "Hard_Skills"], [15147, 15159, "Hard_Skills"], [15479, 15490, "Hard_Skills"], [15496, 15520, "Hard_Skills"], [15522, 15536, "Hard_Skills"], [15538, 15541, "Hard_Skills"], [15555, 15569, "Hard_Skills"], [15594, 15604, "Hard_Skills"], [15606, 15620, "Hard_Skills"], [15654, 15677, "Hard_Skills"], [15945, 15948, "Hard_Skills"], [15980, 15983, "Hard_Skills"], [15984, 15991, "Hard_Skills"], [15993, 15997, "Hard_Skills"], [15999, 16002, "Hard_Skills"], [16138, 16157, "Hard_Skills"], [16159, 16174, "Hard_Skills"], [16176, 16188, "Hard_Skills"], [16295, 16302, "Hard_Skills"], [16350, 16378, "Hard_Skills"], [16646, 16660, "Hard_Skills"], [16686, 16688, "Soft_Skills"], [16942, 16955, "Hard_Skills"], [17015, 17029, "Hard_Skills"], [17035, 17053, "Hard_Skills"], [17081, 17084, "Hard_Skills"], [17128, 17131, "Hard_Skills"], [17132, 17139, "Hard_Skills"], [17254, 17265, "Hard_Skills"], [17320, 17328, "Hard_Skills"], [17356, 17370, "Hard_Skills"], [17609, 17610, "Hard_Skills"], [17615, 17618, "Hard_Skills"], [17891, 17897, "Hard_Skills"], [18036, 18045, "Hard_Skills"], [18077, 18105, "Hard_Skills"], [18178, 18188, "Hard_Skills"], [18194, 18213, "Hard_Skills"], [18218, 18238, "Hard_Skills"], [18308, 18331, "Hard_Skills"], [18350, 18361, "Hard_Skills"], [19693, 19709, "Hard_Skills"], [19807, 19809, "Hard_Skills"], [20021, 20027, "Soft_Skills"], [20119, 20127, "Hard_Skills"], [20197, 20212, "Hard_Skills"], [20468, 20489, "Hard_Skills"], [20591, 20605, "Hard_Skills"], [20782, 20784, "Hard_Skills"], [21091, 21096, "Hard_Skills"], [21188, 21194, "Hard_Skills"], [21198, 21204, "Hard_Skills"], [21242, 21262, "Hard_Skills"], [21270, 21274, "Hard_Skills"], [21276, 21281, "Hard_Skills"], [21283, 21286, "Hard_Skills"], [21288, 21290, "Hard_Skills"], [21337, 21350, "Soft_Skills"], [21389, 21391, "Hard_Skills"], [21431, 21434, "Hard_Skills"], [21462, 21473, "Hard_Skills"], [21622, 21631, "Hard_Skills"], [21716, 21740, "Hard_Skills"], [21743, 21745, "Hard_Skills"], [21904, 21910, "Hard_Skills"], [22492, 22519, "Soft_Skills"], [22543, 22553, "Hard_Skills"], [24684, 24694, "Soft_Skills"], [24862, 24866, "Hard_Skills"], [25041, 25045, "Hard_Skills"], [25110, 25118, "Hard_Skills"], [25237, 25245, "Hard_Skills"], [25762, 25780, "Hard_Skills"], [25861, 25865, "Hard_Skills"], [25922, 25926, "Hard_Skills"], [26466, 26476, "Hard_Skills"], [26478, 26486, "Hard_Skills"], [26521, 26528, "Hard_Skills"], [26530, 26540, "Hard_Skills"], [26561, 26572, "Hard_Skills"], [26961, 26965, "Hard_Skills"], [27037, 27060, "Hard_Skills"], [27217, 27220, "Soft_Skills"], [27299, 27318, "Hard_Skills"], [27323, 27345, "Hard_Skills"], [27642, 27650, "Soft_Skills"], [29757, 29775, "Soft_Skills"], [31239, 31259, "Hard_Skills"], [31698, 31709, "Hard_Skills"], [31711, 31722, "Hard_Skills"], [31763, 31788, "Soft_Skills"], [31828, 31836, "Soft_Skills"], [31882, 31886, "Soft_Skills"], [32206, 32231, "Hard_Skills"], [32356, 32371, "Hard_Skills"], [32479, 32497, "Hard_Skills"], [33139, 33149, "Hard_Skills"], [33151, 33172, "Hard_Skills"], [33174, 33185, "Hard_Skills"], [33208, 33222, "Hard_Skills"], [33361, 33369, "Hard_Skills"], [33392, 33405, "Hard_Skills"], [33457, 33469, "Hard_Skills"], [33471, 33487, "Hard_Skills"], [33587, 33607, "Hard_Skills"], [33609, 33614, "Soft_Skills"], [33671, 33701, "Hard_Skills"], [33797, 33822, "Hard_Skills"], [33855, 33861, "Hard_Skills"], [33898, 33916, "Hard_Skills"], [34337, 34347, "Hard_Skills"], [34349, 34353, "Hard_Skills"], [34525, 34532, "Soft_Skills"], [34534, 34545, "Soft_Skills"], [34644, 34665, "Soft_Skills"], [35086, 35114, "Soft_Skills"], [35629, 35649, "Soft_Skills"], [36865, 36897, "Hard_Skills"], [36936, 36950, "Hard_Skills"], [36952, 36964, "Hard_Skills"], [36966, 36982, "Hard_Skills"], [38704, 38723, "Soft_Skills"], [40396, 40409, "Hard_Skills"], [40814, 40833, "Soft_Skills"], [41148, 41164, "Hard_Skills"], [41673, 41679, "Hard_Skills"], [42251, 42266, "Hard_Skills"], [42378, 42391, "Hard_Skills"], [42474, 42483, "Soft_Skills"], [42700, 42710, "Soft_Skills"], [42981, 42999, "Hard_Skills"], [43367, 43369, "Hard_Skills"], [43395, 43434, "Soft_Skills"], [43438, 43454, "Hard_Skills"], [43456, 43468, "Hard_Skills"], [43481, 43492, "Hard_Skills"], [43493, 43503, "Hard_Skills"], [43579, 43589, "Hard_Skills"], [43671, 43672, "Hard_Skills"], [43674, 43680, "Hard_Skills"], [43682, 43685, "Hard_Skills"], [43687, 43692, "Hard_Skills"], [43694, 43700, "Hard_Skills"], [43739, 43751, "Hard_Skills"], [43914, 43938, "Hard_Skills"], [43960, 43973, "Hard_Skills"], [44097, 44107, "Hard_Skills"], [44112, 44131, "Hard_Skills"], [44200, 44213, "Hard_Skills"], [44215, 44224, "Hard_Skills"], [44379, 44399, "Soft_Skills"], [44467, 44497, "Soft_Skills"], [45010, 45015, "Hard_Skills"], [45028, 45032, "Hard_Skills"], [45036, 45042, "Hard_Skills"], [45096, 45117, "Hard_Skills"], [45304, 45319, "Soft_Skills"], [45469, 45486, "Soft_Skills"], [45521, 45535, "Hard_Skills"], [45542, 45547, "Hard_Skills"], [45581, 45586, "Hard_Skills"], [45598, 45602, "Hard_Skills"], [45604, 45607, "Hard_Skills"], [46504, 46528, "Hard_Skills"], [46530, 46544, "Hard_Skills"], [46546, 46549, "Hard_Skills"], [46563, 46577, "Hard_Skills"], [46602, 46612, "Hard_Skills"], [46614, 46628, "Hard_Skills"], [46663, 46686, "Hard_Skills"], [47415, 47428, "Hard_Skills"], [47488, 47502, "Hard_Skills"], [47508, 47526, "Hard_Skills"], [47554, 47557, "Hard_Skills"], [47601, 47604, "Hard_Skills"], [47605, 47612, "Hard_Skills"], [47727, 47738, "Hard_Skills"], [47793, 47801, "Hard_Skills"], [47829, 47843, "Hard_Skills"], [47908, 47930, "Hard_Skills"], [47938, 47950, "Hard_Skills"], [47955, 47974, "Soft_Skills"], [48123, 48137, "Soft_Skills"], [48138, 48160, "Soft_Skills"], [48190, 48210, "Soft_Skills"], [48442, 48450, "Hard_Skills"], [48468, 48474, "Hard_Skills"], [48657, 48685, "Hard_Skills"], [48758, 48768, "Hard_Skills"], [48774, 48793, "Hard_Skills"], [48798, 48818, "Hard_Skills"], [48835, 48850, "Hard_Skills"], [48852, 48868, "Hard_Skills"], [48870, 48883, "Hard_Skills"], [48911, 48917, "Hard_Skills"], [48919, 48941, "Hard_Skills"], [48975, 48980, "Hard_Skills"], [48994, 48999, "Hard_Skills"], [49001, 49013, "Hard_Skills"], [51136, 51142, "Hard_Skills"], [51147, 51163, "Hard_Skills"], [51271, 51291, "Hard_Skills"], [51593, 51601, "Hard_Skills"], [52120, 52130, "Hard_Skills"], [52132, 52135, "Hard_Skills"], [52137, 52146, "Hard_Skills"], [52246, 52283, "Hard_Skills"], [52583, 52589, "Soft_Skills"], [52593, 52608, "Soft_Skills"], [52705, 52724, "Soft_Skills"], [53566, 53577, "Hard_Skills"], [53931, 53961, "Hard_Skills"], [54115, 54123, "Soft_Skills"], [54200, 54218, "Soft_Skills"], [54461, 54470, "Hard_Skills"], [54472, 54481, "Soft_Skills"], [54769, 54787, "Hard_Skills"], [54791, 54814, "Soft_Skills"], [54894, 54910, "Hard_Skills"], [55002, 55020, "Soft_Skills"], [55083, 55101, "Hard_Skills"], [55129, 55142, "Hard_Skills"], [55468, 55498, "Hard_Skills"], [55630, 55640, "Soft_Skills"], [55707, 55714, "Soft_Skills"], [55977, 55990, "Hard_Skills"], [56103, 56122, "Hard_Skills"], [56151, 56171, "Hard_Skills"], [56176, 56189, "Hard_Skills"], [56285, 56303, "Soft_Skills"], [56525, 56541, "Hard_Skills"], [56728, 56738, "Hard_Skills"], [56740, 56754, "Hard_Skills"], [56877, 56880, "Hard_Skills"], [56954, 56971, "Soft_Skills"], [58221, 58230, "Soft_Skills"], [59017, 59021, "Hard_Skills"], [59982, 59998, "Hard_Skills"], [60078, 60087, "Hard_Skills"], [60136, 60148, "Hard_Skills"], [60329, 60335, "Hard_Skills"], [60356, 60365, "Hard_Skills"], [60552, 60568, "Hard_Skills"], [60738, 60754, "Hard_Skills"], [60976, 60991, "Hard_Skills"], [61026, 61041, "Hard_Skills"], [61107, 61122, "Hard_Skills"], [61746, 61758, "Soft_Skills"], [61957, 61963, "Hard_Skills"], [61965, 61971, "Hard_Skills"], [61973, 61974, "Hard_Skills"], [61985, 61995, "Hard_Skills"], [62016, 62026, "Hard_Skills"], [62054, 62070, "Hard_Skills"], [62476, 62491, "Hard_Skills"], [62493, 62502, "Hard_Skills"], [62503, 62508, "Hard_Skills"], [62594, 62599, "Hard_Skills"], [62601, 62605, "Hard_Skills"], [62611, 62621, "Soft_Skills"], [62716, 62719, "Hard_Skills"], [62721, 62727, "Hard_Skills"], [62756, 62762, "Hard_Skills"], [63376, 63379, "Soft_Skills"], [64545, 64568, "Hard_Skills"], [64778, 64796, "Hard_Skills"], [65006, 65018, "Hard_Skills"], [65056, 65072, "Hard_Skills"], [65115, 65134, "Hard_Skills"], [65353, 65363, "Hard_Skills"], [65364, 65383, "Hard_Skills"], [65479, 65495, "Hard_Skills"], [65502, 65505, "Hard_Skills"], [65614, 65635, "Hard_Skills"], [65654, 65655, "Hard_Skills"], [65657, 65663, "Hard_Skills"], [65665, 65668, "Hard_Skills"], [65670, 65673, "Hard_Skills"], [65886, 65902, "Hard_Skills"], [65957, 65971, "Hard_Skills"], [65980, 65987, "Hard_Skills"], [66010, 66031, "Hard_Skills"], [66049, 66055, "Soft_Skills"], [66769, 66782, "Hard_Skills"], [66879, 66882, "Hard_Skills"], [66883, 66896, "Hard_Skills"], [67058, 67061, "Hard_Skills"], [67129, 67142, "Hard_Skills"], [67231, 67243, "Hard_Skills"], [67274, 67292, "Hard_Skills"], [67322, 67342, "Soft_Skills"], [67470, 67473, "Hard_Skills"], [67474, 67487, "Hard_Skills"], [67501, 67525, "Hard_Skills"], [67537, 67557, "Hard_Skills"], [67915, 67921, "Hard_Skills"], [68029, 68043, "Hard_Skills"], [68048, 68064, "Soft_Skills"], [68138, 68143, "Hard_Skills"], [68168, 68171, "Hard_Skills"], [68344, 68356, "Hard_Skills"], [68475, 68493, "Hard_Skills"], [68728, 68741, "Hard_Skills"], [68785, 68828, "Hard_Skills"], [68993, 68996, "Hard_Skills"], [69099, 69112, "Hard_Skills"], [69595, 69613, "Hard_Skills"], [69714, 69725, "Soft_Skills"], [69729, 69736, "Hard_Skills"], [69918, 69931, "Hard_Skills"], [69999, 70018, "Hard_Skills"], [70120, 70136, "Hard_Skills"], [70145, 70158, "Hard_Skills"], [70467, 70485, "Hard_Skills"], [70495, 70505, "Hard_Skills"], [70582, 70592, "Hard_Skills"], [70697, 70701, "Hard_Skills"], [70705, 70714, "Hard_Skills"], [70838, 70850, "Hard_Skills"], [71174, 71183, "Hard_Skills"], [71185, 71195, "Hard_Skills"], [71253, 71254, "Hard_Skills"], [71262, 71268, "Hard_Skills"], [71273, 71293, "Hard_Skills"], [71480, 71496, "Hard_Skills"], [71498, 71511, "Hard_Skills"], [71900, 71910, "Soft_Skills"], [72145, 72157, "Soft_Skills"], [72195, 72209, "Hard_Skills"], [73492, 73501, "Hard_Skills"], [73832, 73854, "Hard_Skills"], [75034, 75056, "Hard_Skills"], [75158, 75168, "Soft_Skills"], [75344, 75356, "Hard_Skills"], [75736, 75748, "Soft_Skills"], [76132, 76144, "Hard_Skills"], [76703, 76719, "Hard_Skills"], [76781, 76820, "Soft_Skills"], [77131, 77153, "Soft_Skills"], [77247, 77257, "Hard_Skills"], [77268, 77284, "Hard_Skills"], [77292, 77302, "Hard_Skills"], [77382, 77396, "Hard_Skills"], [77532, 77533, "Hard_Skills"], [77535, 77541, "Hard_Skills"], [77543, 77546, "Hard_Skills"], [77575, 77584, "Soft_Skills"], [77588, 77604, "Hard_Skills"], [77606, 77610, "Hard_Skills"], [77612, 77626, "Hard_Skills"], [77677, 77693, "Soft_Skills"]], "Comments": []}
